hi kids especially Sophia Isabella and
Julian this is grandma's new home I'd
love to show you around and I'm just
going to do that
this is my new hotel it's about a few
blocks from where i want that too many i
love it the family is beautiful and i
live on the second floor I can't wait to
show it
a que ofrecemos buen servicio contamos
con bano free body cocina y comparte
yesterday I'm bonitos keifa blows us
again estamos in some favor in you look
thin difficult angle this is a staff
good care lordy Linda it's beautiful
nvidia rapper and you cook it for an
hour we just left the kitchen and now
I'd like to take you upstairs and show
you my road bike by balcony by Havoc's
inside by robots beautiful
and this is my room second floor
beautiful room and this is the room kid
this is where I love it forever live
this is like new room I love it Sophia
Isabella Julian right here I'd love to
have you here we're gonna take a walk
outside you'll see my beautiful view if
you can see I have everything I need I
don't want for anything um I'm very
happy another thing I love about my room
is is the window of you
kids you can't worry about me for one
second year I took up here the morning I
make my coffee everything marks of
course I can't win Spanish newspapers by
this year the view was beautiful and
premise just fine I love you all badly
this is a view from my roof top
absolutely beautiful you can see the
whole Lake you can see all the
construction the different them very
different
and Laura don't you think for one minute
you 20 million dollar granite
countertops hold a candle to this cook
my problem here my deals here once in a
while fabulous you like it hope you
enjoyed like beautiful new home safe and
secure i miss you kid so much but
grandma loves you and Willie rock on kid
signing off